changes in user crdential updations and readme (#863)
Zipstack/unstract: backend/README.md

The default username is `unstract` and the default password is `unstract`.

### Initial Setup

To customize the username or password:

1. Navigate to `/backend/.env` created from [/backend/sample.env](/backend/sample.env)
2. Update the values for `DEFAULT_AUTH_USERNAME` and `DEFAULT_AUTH_PASSWORD` with strong, unique credentials of your choosing
3. Save the `/backend/.env` file and restart the server to apply changes

### Updating Credentials

To update the username or password after initial setup:

1. Modify the credentials in `/backend/.env`
   1. **DEFAULT_AUTH_USERNAME**=`your_new_username`
   2. **DEFAULT_AUTH_PASSWORD**=`your_new_password`
2. Save the `/backend/.env` file
3. Restart the server to apply changes

> 4. Login with the new credentials

Author: @ritwik-g  Updated by adding a refernce in the Getting started Section .. Please check

> 1. Modify the credentials in `/backend/.env`
>    1. **DEFAULT_AUTH_USERNAME**=`your_new_username`
>    2. **DEFAULT_AUTH_PASSWORD**=`your_new_password`
> 2. Save the `/backend/.env` file
> 3. Restart the server to apply changes
> 4. Login with the new credentials

Reviewer: @muhammad-ali-e 

```suggestion
1. Modify the credentials in `/backend/.env`
    - **DEFAULT_AUTH_USERNAME**=`your_new_username`
    - **DEFAULT_AUTH_PASSWORD**=`your_new_password`
2. Save changes and restart `backend` service

Now you can login with the new credentials.
```
